hi ladies this is Giuliana and I just
have a project to share with you today
um I had made something just for fun and
this is a photo album that i have found
at the thrift store and i found this a
couple of months ago in one of my halls
um it was a white one and a blue that I
found for fifty cents each and I just
couldn't pass it so I have them in my
craft studio I haven't done anything
with them so I decided to alter this one
and I really love how it looks um still
as you can see in the back it was just
white and it has like this really
gorgeous lace cover you know with the
lace around it's just really really cute
so what I did is I just added some
fabric this gorgeous gorgeous fabric
here um on the back and I wanted to
stick with the cream and like light pink
colors more cream than anything else so
um what I did is I use this piece of
doily here this is really gorgeous and I
glue this on the top at the lace over
here on the top and I received this on a
rack from dawn so thank you dawn it's
just beautiful when I love it so much so
put the piece on the top I'm here on the
side I make someone more of my handmade
flowers and then this is a stick pan
that I'm done Marie gift to me so thank
you don it looks just beautiful there
and and then over here I have more of
the gorgeous trim that you gave to me
and then um I wanted to alter a dress
form so i use the tim holtz dress form i
added some more of the trim from the top
and then i made this skirt over here and
there's all the piece of trim right
there in the center so it's really
gorgeous elegant and here on the side it
has some pearls hanging with one of
those um silk flowers in vase
it's really really beautiful and then
over here I just have a piece of doily
as well just kind of hanging in there so
it's just a really cute fun little
project and I think it's very Victorian
I really really love the colors and
combination and it makes such a cute for
Apple and this is what i had on the
sides and let me just show you it's one
of those simple photo albums the you
know you can find at any store pretty
much and so here's the photo I bone and
then you have all these spaces here for
pictures so i am going to be adding some
pictures here probably from my upcoming
trip and so yes and it closes like this
since court is you guys I couldn't
believe i got this album for just fifty
cents it was such such a great deal so
hope you guys like it please let me know
what you think and hope it inspires you
and let me know if you have any
questions and thank you so much
everybody for watching I'll talk to you
soon bye bye